docs: revise explanation of Anki's architecture (#3384)
ankitects/anki: docs/architecture.md

Very brief notes for now.

## Backend and GUI

At the highest level, the Anki codebase is logically separated into two parts:

- the GUI code
- the backend code

### GUI (`qt/` and `ts/`)

> Anki’s GUI is written parts in Python using the toolkit Qt (via Qt's Python bindings known as PyQt), and parts in a mix of TypeScript, HTML, and CSS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anki’s GUI is implemented in a mix of Python and TypeScript. The Python code primarily uses PyQt (Python bindings for the Qt toolkit), but also injects HTML and JavaScript into a webview in some older parts of the codebase. The TypeScript portions of the GUI mainly use the Svelte framework.
```

> The Python code that implements Anki’s GUI (using PyQt) is located in `qt/aqt/`. It’s made available as a Python package named `aqt` (installable with `pip install 'aqt[qt6]'`) and is accessible through `import aqt` in Python code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Python code that implements Anki’s GUI (using PyQt) is located in `qt/aqt/`, and is importable as `aqt`.
```

These docs are for people working with the codebase, so I don't think we need to document installing them separately here.

The web code is split between `ts/` and `qt/aqt/data/web/`.

> The majority of new code now goes into `ts/` rather than `qt/aqt/data/web/` and, during the build process, gets copied into `qt/aqt/data/web/` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The majority of new code now goes into `ts/` rather than `qt/aqt/data/web/`.
```

The old text was incorrect - it's copied to a different location, and not really relevant.

### Library (`rslib/` and `pylib/`)

> The code responsible for the actual logic (opening collections, fetching and answering cards, et cetera) — the "backend" methods — is written parts in Python, parts in Rust.

Reviewer 2: etc.?

```suggestion
The code responsible for the actual logic (opening collections, fetching and answering cards, etc.) — the "backend" methods — is written parts in Python, parts in Rust.
```

If you don't like etc./i.e. how about,

```suggestion
The code responsible for the actual logic (such as opening collections, fetching and answering cards) — the "backend" methods — is written parts in Python, parts in Rust.
```

Author: How about "for example"?

> The code responsible for the actual logic (for example, opening collections, or fetching and answering cards) — the "backend" methods — is written parts in Python, parts in Rust.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code responsible for the business logic (for example, opening collections, or fetching and answering cards) is mainly implemented in Rust, in the `rslib/` folder. We tend to refer to this code as the "backend". This code is shared between the different Anki clients.
```

> Most of the logic previously implemented in Python was rewritten in Rust so that the code can be shared between the different Anki apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - The parts of the library code written in Python are located in `pylib/` (more specifically, in `pylib/anki/`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - The parts of the library code written in Rust are located in `rslib/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The Python code serves as proxy for the Rust library and, when called, forwards the requests to the code in `rslib/` which does the actual computations and then returns the results to the code in `pylib/anki/`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Python code serves as proxy for the Rust library and when called, forwards the requests to the code in `rslib/` which does the actual computations and then returns the results to the code in `pylib/anki/`.
```

Author: The comma is required, according to [Grammarly](https://www.grammarly.com/blog/comma/) (see the section "Setting apart interrupters and parenthetical elements").

> The Python code serves as proxy for the Rust library and, when called, forwards the requests to the code in `rslib/` which does the actual computations and then returns the results to the code in `pylib/anki/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Python module in `pylib/rsbridge` exposes the Rust methods to Python. The `anki` module in `pylib/anki` uses this bridge to forward requests to Rust. The `Collection` class in the `anki` module has a hidden `_backend` property, which is an instance of the bridge. Most methods you call on a collection object end up forwarding the request through the bridge.
```

> The way that is implemented is by way of a Python binding named `rsbridge` within `pylib/` (that is, `pylib/rsbridge/`) that wraps around the Rust code and makes the logic implemented in Rust accessible with Python code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The Python library is made available as a Python package named `anki` and is accessible through `import anki` in Python code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Anki’s GUI relies on this Python library (located in `pylib/anki/`) and you can use it too (by installing it with `pip install anki`) if you want to develop command line programs to programmatically access your Anki decks without the need of running Anki’s GUI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
